cultivation_table:

This table store the cultivation periods.
Each row can contain 1 fruit or 1 vegetable id, not a fruit and a vegetable at the same rows.
If a vegetable or a fruit can be cultivated in sereval month, the same fruit or vegetable id will have multiple rows (one for each month).

customer_table:

RAS

edible_table:

RAS

floor_type_table:

This table store the floor type.
Each row can contain 1 fruit or 1 vegetable id, not a fruit and a vegetable at the same rows.
If a vegetable or a fruit can be cultivated in sereval floor type, the same fruit or vegetable id will have multiple rows (one for each floor type).

fruit_table:

RAS

gathering_table:

This table store the gathering periods.
Each row can contain 1 fruit or 1 vegetable id, not a fruit and a vegetable at the same rows.
If a vegetable or a fruit can be gathered in sereval month, the same fruit or vegetable id will have multiple rows (one for each month).

orders_table:

This table store the orders.
Each row can contain 1 order id.
If a customer has multiple orders, the same customer will have multiple rows (one id for each order).

orders_detail_table:

This table store the detail of the orders.
If an orders contain different type of products (edible, seed, plant), the same order will have multiple rows (one for each id of product).

plant_table:

RAS

seed_table:

RAS

stock_table:

This table store the stock of the differents products (edible, seed, plant).
Each rows contains only 1 edible or 1 seed or 1 plant id. Not a edible and fruit and plant at the same row.

sun_need_table:

This table store the sun need.
Each row can contain 1 fruit or 1 vegetable id, not a fruit and a vegetable at the same rows.
If a vegetable or a fruit need different sun need, the same fruit or vegetable id will have multiple rows (one for each sun need).

water_need_table:

This table store the water need.
Each row can contain 1 fruit or 1 vegetable id, not a fruit and a vegetable at the same rows.
If a vegetable or a fruit need different water need, the same fruit or vegetable id will have multiple rows (one for each water need).


